solaris10:mpstat:minf:minor faults
solaris10:mpstat:mjf:major faults
solaris10:mpstat:xcal:inter-processor cross-calls
solaris10:mpstat:intr:interrupts
solaris10:mpstat:ithr:interrupts as threads
solaris10:mpstat:csw:context switches
solaris10:mpstat:icsw:involuntary context switches
solaris10:mpstat:migr:thread migrations
solaris10:mpstat:smtx:spins on mutexes
solaris10:mpstat:srw:spins on readers/writer locks
solaris10:mpstat:syscl:system calls
solaris10:mpstat:usr:percent user time
solaris10:mpstat:sys:percent system time
solaris10:mpstat:wt:I/O wait (broken: will always be zero)
solaris10:mpstat:idl:percent idle time
solaris10:vmstat:r:Kernel threads in run queue
solaris10:vmstat:b:Blocked kernel threads
solaris10:vmstat:w:Swapped out light-weight processes
solaris10:vmstat:swap:Available swap space (Kbytes)
solaris10:vmstat:free:Size of the free list (Kbytes)
solaris10:vmstat:re:Page reclaim
solaris10:vmstat:mf:Minor faults
solaris10:vmstat:pi:Kilobytes paged in
solaris10:vmstat:po:Kilobytes paged out
solaris10:vmstat:fr:Kilobytes freed
solaris10:vmstat:de:Anticipated short-term memory shortfall (Kbytes)
solaris10:vmstat:sr:Pages scanned
solaris10:vmstat:s0:Disk Operations
solaris10:vmstat:s1:Disk Operations
solaris10:vmstat:s2:Disk Operations
solaris10:vmstat:s3:Disk Operations
solaris10:vmstat:s4:Disk Operations
solaris10:vmstat:in:Interrupts
solaris10:vmstat:sy:System calls
solaris10:vmstat:cs:Context switches
solaris10:vmstat:us:User cpu time
solaris10:vmstat:sy:System cpu time
solaris10:vmstat:id:Idle cpu time
solaris10:vmstat:epi:Executable page-ins
solaris10:vmstat:epo:Executable page-outs
solaris10:vmstat:epf:Executable page-frees
solaris10:vmstat:api:Anonymous page-ins
solaris10:vmstat:apo:Anonymous page-outs
solaris10:vmstat:apf:Anonymous page-frees
solaris10:vmstat:fpi:File system page-ins
solaris10:vmstat:fpo:File system page-outs
solaris10:vmstat:fpf:File system page-frees
solaris10:sysperf:%CPU:CPU Utilization
solaris10:sysperf:%Mem:Mem  Utilization
solaris10:sysperf:%Disk:Disk  Utilization
solaris10:sysperf:%Net:Net  Utilization
solaris10:sysperf:CPU:CPU Saturation
solaris10:sysperf:Mem:Mem Saturation
solaris10:sysperf:Disk:Disk Saturation
solaris10:sysperf:Net:Net Saturation
